# What is Questinator?
Questinator is a Website game for Kids that help them to 
learn literacy skills. We have found that most games for 
kids are usually kind of boring - with more of a focus on 
**learning** than **having fun while learning**.
<br><br>
We hope to make a game that not only teaches kids 
literacy skills, but also for them to want to play this 
game in their free time by choice, and not just for 
teaching purposes.

# Why is Questinator different from other learning programs?
Questinator is a game made by people who understand what 
people find fun, and what people don't. This is because 
we play video games ourselves. When we used these 
programs for learning, we realized that they weren't that 
fun - not something we would want to play outside of a
learning environment. And so, we decided to create the
questinator, an actually fun learning game for kids.

# When will this be done, and how often is it updated?
Questinator is currently a very small team of passionate
students, and so it will likely not be done for a long
while. But, we do want to finish this project, and so we
will often be working on it. We cannot guarantee the 
consistency of updates, how big the updates will be, or
when we will be done, but we will still certainly release
updates as often as needed.